338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: _partials/_migrate_source_target_note.md

<Highlight type="note">

In the context of migrations, your existing production database is referred to

> as the SOURCE database, the Tiger Cloud service that you are migrating your data to is the TARGET.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as the SOURCE database, the $SERVICE_LONG that you are migrating your data to is the TARGET.
```
